# ucr - Underground Campus Radio

Python program that generates personalized 'radio stream', by choosing
next file to play based on the day, time of day, etc. The audio is played with
vlc so that needs to be installed. Sox is also used to create filler audio so
that is needed also. Also audiofile lenght is determined using mutagen, so
that needs to be available (it can be installed to virtualenv with pip3).

The main use case is to generate a constant dynamically changing audio stream
that can be played non stop, day and night. My personal use case is to play
audio on my local computer, but since using vlc the audio can also be streamed
over lan and one use case might be to have a raspberry pi as a 'radio station'
that just plays music and podcasts non-stop. 

Project is at very early stage, so most features are not implemented at this
point yet.

## Features that will hopefully be implemented...

- Next Audiofile is chosen from contex playlists
- User can add playlists freely, playlist is a text file named with the
context (for example 'classicrock.playlist', 'podcasts.playlist', ...)
- User can define sets of rules when tracks are chosen from what playlists
for example user can chooce that during daytime only music is played and
during nights only podcasts are played.
- User can define what type of tracks are played at certain day of the week,
for example weekend stream might differ from other days, and also based on
the date or time of year, for example during christmas there can be more
christmas music theme.
- All podcasts (talk shows) are started on the hour or half past, to simulate
more of a radio kind of feel.
- If there is only small time left before next beginning hour (less than two 
minutes or so) and it is during a time when podcast are wanted to be played
filler tracks will be played. These are generated by playing just the needed
amount of audio from a song and then faded out. User can define a list of 
tracks that will be used as fillers ('filler.tracklist'), most likely these
should be instrumental music, but user gets to decide what ever these tracks are.
- Played audio is normalized or run through compressor, so that audio levels will
be consistent on all files played on the stream.
- Podcast can be downloaded for the user, if user defines what podcasts are wanted
and where to download (rss feed etc.). User can also define if the newest possible
unplayed episode is chosen or completely random episodes.
- User can decide what amount of reruns is allowed, ie. if an same episode of
podcast should or should not be played during some period of time.
- The audio stream can also be played over lan, so that it can be opened from any
computer on the network and listened with vlc.
- Maybe in the future it could be interesting if it would be possible to play the
music tracks from spotify etc. rather than local files? As I understand it vlc can
somehow play spotify music, but would have to read more on this. (This will be
very low on my priority list, as the whole point of this program is to get more
use out of the thousands of mp3 songs that I have gathered over many years.)